after 10 years the date arrived the
Waiting was much and the cravings more
faithful fans gathered
punctual as always the outskirts of
elevated stadium
on the way back to the first
division was marked by the 173
kilometers between lion and
city of querétaro among the green of
the fields after the rains
transiting the roads of the corridor
industrial, leaving behind cities that
they remember the second division and classics
old with the peceros and coffee makers and
now observing the refinery with others
eyes
climbed on a score of buses
the followers come with more faith than
never on your computer
as if it were an obligation perhaps
the nearness of destiny many in their
Own vehicles willingly tolerate
the trapped of the house of Salamanca
and boast their tickets
as a preamble and to reach the comparison
without hunger and thirst the Leonese improve the
economy of this restaurant located in
the same skirts of the stadium the
corrective but before that they make a
accurate forecast
and finally among thousands of Queretans the
Emerald fans sneak by the
steps
the meganoticias camera arrives and it
accommodate where you can because the
organizers had already sent us to the
court and they returned us later to the
vip area until we were interrupted
as if they did not want us to record their
defeat
the flag and the anthem of the league mx
everything began and the fraternal greeting and the
promise of fair play were made
present with a beautiful court and a
stadium full of emotion started very
early fortunately we managed to record
the penalty from very close because the
green bellies surprised the roosters
that were very white at the time
piri burbano became the scorer
of the first verdiblanco goal in this
return in contrast with nacho gonzález
very revolutionized he left the court
fought by his former admirers he makes the
red and leave the team with ten men
for many minutes with one less and the
majority of the public against their
Professor matosas looked strong
They did see bad people of
games come good
jonny magallón became a hero at
accidentally stop the ball in the
goal line with the ball hit me and I
I do not look for the ball, I did not see it
I felt the blow of the ball in my body and
Well, fortunately, we took it out
play was not not between looks that are a
little bit still or was between shoulder and a
little arm but it was not the hand and
there was not the ball the ball went to me and
I think that on that side it would not be marked
as how the faithful were not marked
endured the sun in front and the spirits
never went down even when
Corre made the mistake and put on a tray
of silver the tie in the booties of
carlos well I knew I was going to stop I do not know
why did it happen to me today?
we will win when turning the sky
to leave no doubt that doing 10
against 10
Hernandez completes the expectations
Queretanas
shortly before it went individual
sebastián more than the archer castle
stopped to read the cure of Uruguayan
the Ghanaian team that trusts that the
body of karen gos at the moment but
good important here if the team that
it matters who makes the goals a conatus
of anger that did not happen to majors between the
juli peña and the colombian between amounts
analyzed this first comparison I'm just
I went to separate the problem idea this
no side fever moment of
moment later the script is already passed
the fierce green bellies are back
well he feels proud to play in the
top category of American football
What a nice thing to come back with a triumph and
with this team that leaves everything in the
court and so with the pleasant taste of
victory
then we started the return trip
dreaming not with the descent but the cup
that is played from today and in the
demarcation against young people